Nashville Mayor John Cooper said video from officers' body cameras as well as from The Covenant School's security cameras could be released to the public as soon as Monday night.

"I suspect either tonight or tomorrow they’ll be releasing bodycam footage and maybe some footage from the school as they’re trying to establish the timeline," Cooper said on MSNBC’s “Rachel Maddow Show.”

The mayor called Monday the city's "worst day."

"We’re a resilient city, but it's a shock to have to add our name to places where there have been mass killings of children," Cooper said.

The suspected shooter who killed three students and three staff members at a Tennessee Christian school Monday opened fire on police when they arrived at the building.

Pictures posted by the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department showed what appeared to be a police cruiser with a windshield that had been shattered by a bullet.

The suspect, Audrey Hale, 28, fired at authorities from a second-story window at The Covenant School, the department said.

A team of five officers entered campus at 10:13 a.m. and cleared the area, police officials said earlier Monday. By 10:27 a.m. the team had taken “the threat down,” Nashville Police Chief John Drake said.

President Joe Biden tonight spoke by phone with Nashville Mayor John Cooper, a source familiar with the call said.

Biden also ordered that U.S. flags be flown at half-staff at the White House, public buildings, military posts and naval stations, as well as at a variety of U.S. facilities abroad, until sunset Friday.

In the proclamation, Biden said it was "a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of violence" in Nashville.

As details about the suspect in Monday’s school shooting emerged, there was conflicting information about the assailant’s gender identity.

Nashville police said the accused Covenant School shooter was a transgender woman.

Chief John Drake said officials “feel that she identifies as trans, but we’re still in the initial investigation into all of that and if it actually played a role into this incident.” 

Audrey Hale’s LinkedIn page, which indicates activity roughly a month ago and includes a job history updated 10 months ago, uses “he/him” pronouns.

Bill Campbell, a headmaster of The Covenant School from 2004 to 2008, said he remembers Hale as third grader at the school in 2005 and a fourth grader in 2006.

“I’ve looked back in my annuals, and I do remember her as a former student,” Campbell said. “She was just one of our young ladies.”

Hale is not included Cambell’s yearbooks after that, Campbell said, and he believes the student may have transferred to another institution.

Authorities in Tennessee identified one of the victims killed in Monday’s school shooting as Mike Hill, a 61-year-old custodian.
